README: Reference NixOS package (#140)
layday/instawow: README.rst

- Vanilla pip:
  ``python -m pip install -U instawow`` or ``python -m pip install -U instawow[gui]`` for the GUI

> If you run NixOS, the CLI-only version of instawow is packaged as the
> ``instawow`` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run `Nix or NixOS <https://nixos.org/>`__, the CLI-only version of *instawow*
is available as the ``instawow`` package.
```
